[Music] music music
[Music]
[Music] [Music
] [Music] [Music] [
Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [
Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [
Applause] [Music] [
Music]
[Music]
move those abs grandpas [Music] let
's go more than 3000 kids
[Music]
good good good good good good good good family
family How are
we doing great night direct
completely improvised because I want to
comment on some gossip I have to be there for a
short time eh I will try not to be there too
long because then you confuse me and I say
Well it's 5 o'clock it's 6 o'clock  in the morning
here I'm going to comment very quickly on the
news there is I'm going to comment very quickly very
quickly on the news that needs to be
checked out I'm going to try to record the
newscast but above all I wanted to stop
by here
to celebrate the more than 3,000 members
that we have been okay
cameo cameo in the video of encouragement Javi
cameo in the video let's see They just
sent me the minute they just sent me the minute
and I haven't opened it they just sent me
the minute during open hours
send the minute I haven't opened it in the
Dallas video of encouragement
okay Dallas made a video I'm not going
to react to it as such the video
obviously I'm
not going to react to it as such because it's
already left behind Dallas came
very late with this video
the minute of the cameo
I imagine it's from there
for some video of mine no 15
nothing what I think I understand from this phrase
is that she's saying that insult
original she didn't say that coscu was God
but rather she said that she didn't know who to support
But the thing is that in my life original I never
said that you said that it was God you
said that it was got after my criticism
was balanced  the moment you just
wrote that tweet it seems clear to me that
we are missing a little bit of context
here basically
everyone saying that I support
wismicuk when in reality they meant it by
Javier Ebay
Ah that Dallas is okay Dallas
is reading the script this this text this
was like a script that she said
Well she showed this capture but she didn't
read it all in her video that she
said like she had the
answer prepared but in the end I don't know if she
got lazy it's that I don't remember
because it's been I don't know if it's
been two months I don't
know if it's been two months Okay, so I do
n't remember what she wanted to say
with this script but I know that she put like
this script to prove something okay, I mean I think she
put this script to
prove something
and then she justified herself in some things
no, let's see that everyone saying that they
support wismicuk when in reality they
meant it by Javier Oliveira literally supported
wismichu, I mean he literally supported
wismichu that to me at this point on the
internet that there is someone How the
audio looks How the audio looks How
the audio sounds at this point  from the
internet that there is someone who supports
a person like wismichu with the things
that he has done and with what he has, okay, for
me, there, there it is, it is like a
kind of filter for me, okay, for me,
that is a kind of filter, okay,
obviously wismichu is going to have all
kinds of legal consequences for what he
did for mine in particular, and then
each one can do what they want, which by the
way, well, I am not going to say anything, I am not
going to say anything, but there is a lot
about the subject, there is a lot of news
on the subject, but it is true that
nimu, yes, it is true that nimo when
wismichu published some conversations that
belong to my privacy, that then
you can think whatever you want about
those conversations, okay, those
conversations have a
completely different context than the one they have
given them, they have caused a certain damage not
only to my honor but to my image
because of the tone that they have wanted to give it, but
not only the tone of if I say I do not
link the conversations, it is that they do it
with other intentions, that when
the procedure arrives, okay, everything has,
obviously I am in no hurry,
also I tell you, I am in no hurry
because this I have a lot  time to do it
and not only do I have a
lot of time to do it but I have to
wait for other things and I'm not going to
reveal here the things that have to be
done in court But well,
I think that you don't have to be very
intelligent And be very smart To
know not only that this is going to have
legal consequences but that this is going to
have convictions, I mean, but it's obvious What
is the argument is not that you spoke
as they are saying no because I have
already seen tweets from them where they are
trying to argue and they are
preparing the ground for what they are going to
say the court can say whatever
you want in court you cannot
publish that screenshot
you cannot you cannot publish that
screenshot they have taken you for a
fool again and stupid that then you
maybe in court you will end up well or you
will end up badly we will see we will see
I am going to go through all the means that there are to go
okay And I am completely
sure that that
I Oh what have I done that I have removed it I
am completely sure that that is nose nose nose face
vomiting No  yeah but
the simple fact of supporting that
why because because I criticize you and because I do
n't like you I mean cheer up
no because I don't like you You start
supporting anything that is done to me
for example if cheer up they did the
same thing to him man now within all
the context if cheer up did the same thing to him Well I would
remind him and I would say now
screw you now screw you that applaud when they
did it to me but not only did cheer up
applaud it nimu
applauded it
Avi karch's girlfriend no and the
New York thing let's not forget that the
million said it recently didn't applaud it
this buffoon with the clothes the one who
puts on the marching clothes the clown
gorgo also applauded it all the
fools all the fools who are
angry because on some occasion I have
criticized something of yours for all the fools it's that
there in the in the subject of wismichu
it is that there is not even a context of
contention of I have been  sent a
lot of things from wismichu but
many things from wismichu and from many
youtubers but you have to base yourself on
the law you can't publish anything
that leaves bad gosh if I could
publish everything that they've sent to me
Gosh if I could no gosh no
gosh they weren't throwing people out about
you from your past and from your environment
people who were from your environment gosh they didn't
throw you out and they didn't send audios of you
and conversations of yours around the thing
is that you can't and look my
channel is about controversy and gossip and I
could have taken what I think would be what
he thought I was going to be get
revenge boom with one
Don't worry when the
time comes we'll meet wismichu it won't be
on a mic and grit okay But come on it's
stupid it's stupid to think
otherwise it happens that they use you because you
are like that because you are with women that's why they
send you they send you to
make a video against Dallas Well you
make a video against dala  and that's it and
you make a video against Dallas and then
when Dallas reports you win or
lose you took the blow
okay you escaped on board okay
because that was to lose it that was
to lose but well as you claimed
there that there was a conflict not a spirit
defending and no but that the blow and
the exhaustion you take it and how with
that with a lot of other things and that they
have sent you like that you do them okay without
more but well it's your way it's your
way of being with you with your
women not with your women who send you
not with your ex mother-in-law who has been
threatening me for three years of publishing those
conversations to somehow
ruin my life okay she did it by
throwing my wife who was 7 months pregnant
thinking that she was going to have a heart attack when
my wife was 7 months old well he
carried out the threats okay I mean if it appeared to you
if someone appeared to him well that that that that
that strategy Well then Okay we will
see we will see if the strategy was good or bad
I will talk when I have to
talk I will talk when I have to talk and I will
talk  where I have to talk
and everything in its time Okay, that's
fishy I see that they do that to a
person I don't like and I don't
celebrate it or retweet it, I understand under
no circumstances how to understand or be able to
help her in the case of why she doesn't
want to report exactly or why she
has never reported the person who
abused her who is coscu I've been thinking about it for a while
Honestly
but come on I imagine that the logical thing no
basically wismicuk what she did was in
my opinion I think it could be a crime
at least reportable by civil law
because that is a crime that is a
civil crimeex let's see civil it could be that
I publish one of my conversations with
another person that goes for civil law and it
depends on the content it's that of course here here there
are some mantras that people don't
understand and don't know how the move goes and there are
people who believe that you can
publish the conversations look how
she doesn't publish them because she doesn't
publish them so that
the other one who is less intelligent gets his hand dirty he
understands me so that the other gets his hands dirty
why doesn't she publish them that
even if she publishes it  It's not a criminal offense,
you understand, because she knows that she can't
publish that.
There's a there, it's said, it's said a lot, no, like
no, it's not like if
you're part of the
conversation, you can publish, you can't publish, you
can't publish
either, even if you're part of the
conversation. The only thing that happens is that if you're not part of the conversation,
then it's already a criminal offense, it's a crime, okay.
But you can't, you can't even if you
're part of the conversation,
depending on the content,
depending on the content, it can be
reported, actionable, what they say, you
're running it off at me in the chat, but well,
colloquially speaking, there's always
talk of complaints. No, if you're part
of the conversation, if that conversation
violates privacy or has certain
intentions or has certain content, it goes
to civil law, okay. And they know
perfectly well that it's going to be
reported. It's absurd to think that
whoever commits any act against me is not
reported. There are some who are
reported the same day and others who are
reported to them. Well, when something else happens, it has to
happen, okay. But let's go, it's
stupid. Commit a crime because they
ask you to, you understand. But no, no, no, no,
civil nothing, both of them  things both things that will
have a reproach both criminal and
civil but apart from that is what it
has that that is Jack knight King that
is not no but the thing is that Javi spoke about this
subject here Well I spoke about the subject In my own
way as I wanted to speak I spoke about the
subject In my own way when I wanted to speak
when they threatened me I would give you to
confirm the threats and that you
publish the captures with the
intentions besides that are behind And with
the decorations that are behind man, well
no buddy man, well no buddy okay listen you
're angry because Dallas has taken I
don't know what from you and I don't know how much or because they
handle you whatever you want very well
but that has a reproach it has a
kiss a kiss kitty a kiss I love you
very much kitty but that is that is that is
obvious is that it is obvious and
logical you know and that and that they go on
telling me every day no that we
have reported it that we have
sued it that you can
sue me as you please because I have already
said what I have to say in a
lot of places where I have to say it
too  I'll say okay And
those things don't scare me you can
file all the lawsuits you want
then you have to win it then you have to win it
and then you have to tell the
real results and the real content
okay
to me at this point and these things
basically what he did was show some
private conversations that don't
belong to him about Javi maintaining
a certain flirtation with wismicook's current girlfriend
when they weren't even boyfriend and girlfriend yet or in other
words in the past as if it were an
argument for something and an argument for nothing
because what he wants to argue what he's
got into his head
somehow the idea that they've had okay the
strategy to discredit that I know
things that I know okay that I haven't
told even the majority If I were bad
If I were a bad person then look at
what I said okay But because I
went to me that they called me as a witness
in a criminal case
and I have to tell the truth well look
my son not for the excuse to
discredit me and why I
stopped believing them the invention It's that since
I have loved myself  sleep with her I've
wanted to get in bed with her because it's like
I'm spiteful well then that's why
no Let's see if you're
spiteful you can do many things
okay but believing that burning them is not Argos,
that's not out of spite that's because I'm
not blind okay apart from that the
argument is pathetic it's not that you've now
turned against her because you
wanted to get in bed with her which is the
argument that they want to sow that
in fact there are a lot of neuronal monkeys that
come to me today calling me a pedophile and
telling me a lot of things It's not that
you wanted to sleep with her Well now you've
turned against her very few very
few the truth because it doesn't make much
sense it's as simple as those
conversations are from a specific night
within a context that I'm not going to
apply here because it will be explained
elsewhere but those combinations are from 2016
three years go by being
completely normal friends okay without any
kind of
relationship otherwise okay
for three years after those
conversations I continue to support them and
when I  I disconnect is not when she
rejects me when I disconnect is at
another time when there is no way to
grab onto her story Hey look, let's
take this thing about your privacy and we're going to
try to suffocate your wife Let's
see if that shuts you up man,
what do you want me to tell you?
There are acts that define people, right?
And none of what he did was dedicate himself to
applauding wismico and it's like let's see you
're telling me that you dedicate yourself to
applauding the
convicted criminal wismichu with a
criminal record who was dedicated to recording
girls 5 you already explained everything in a live
old Susi, of course I explained In
my own way what I wanted to explain I
explained In my own way what I wanted to
explain how I wanted to explain it okay that does
n't give anyone the right to
expose the conversation and the reality of
the conversation and not even the context that they
wanted to give it But well, we'll
see but let's see that whoever thinks that is
not going to have reproach has
completely lost his mind  pot
understands me, there's
no need for you to clarify it for the umpteenth
time, of course Julian, I clarify it as many times as
necessary because I have nothing to
hide and because I do whatever I want
and because there's
nothing illegal in those conversations, he
understands me. Whoever needs to have
explanations for that conversation
has it and that's what there is, he understands me, it would be
missing more, this is like when they take out
the conversations they
took out I don't know what about someone flirting with one person
flirting with another. I can be my
private life whatever the [ __ ] I want
except kill anyone and do something illegal,
you know what I'm telling you, it would be missing more if I
had to give explanations, me who does
n't feel like talking about my life, me who doesn't
get paid to talk about my life, it would be missing if I
had to give explanations, okay, it would be
missing if I had to give
explanations to people, you understand me,
Javi. They don't know how to flirt, champion. Well, I'll
accept that criticism because, of course,
as you can understand, as you can
understand, one loses faculties
but what cannot be accepted are
certain comments, a certain tone and
certain things. But well, we'll talk about it, don't
worry.  eh it will be spoken it will be spoken it will be
spoken very deeply but I know that it is
obvious but apart from that far
from Far from being a good idea or
trying to make me look bad that I understand that
nimu sees it as he is hoping
something comes out against me papeada papeada here
papeadas are allowed like
papeada if what that man is committing
is a crime apart from an illicit act
continue also
or papeada But what is the papeada that
What is the papeada
What is the they publish the conversations and
that of what is an argument those
conversations
what Argue that he does not Argue
absolutely nothing he
understands me it only diverts attention
okay
with age one has to Give up and
decide to get married In order not to fall lower and
lower If even I decided with the
carnalita that was good Mario you are a
channel already but careful You are already a
lost case neither with age nor without age
nor you already your case was lost
a couple of decades ago at least I was
going to tell mom but I've lost my
mind the truth I was going to say something  more but I've
lost my mind
consent on chatule and
published them without clothes on his page that he
tried to destroy my life in a thousand
possible ways and also almost here
criminal record that he was dedicated to
recording girls without consent on
chatulet and published them without clothes on his
page that he tried to destroy my
life in a thousand possible ways and also
almost ended someone's life by hitting someone in the back of the head with
three bottles in the
back of the head in a treacherous way
for having a political discussion
solely because he attacked your enemy to
those levels you get Well yes it seems it's that I do
n't even know why they are profiles that are
the profiles that they are and without more and without more it's
worth it they can file the complaints that they want
the condemned are who they are
they can get bored of spending money on
that and the condemned are who they are and
I tell you one thing life goes on and there are people who are not living life and that is reflected without more okay and that is reflected without more in 27 43 there is also a cameo I [ __ ] in 10 I have released the video I released the video in 27
again  the same modus operandi that you have been using
for a long time when I was
playing your character as a girl and then
you did it to yourself with your body
after you had
plastic surgery. By the way, it's quite curious
that you dedicate yourself to being so
extremely moralistic because today they
doxed me, they published my private things,
however, when they publish
private things about your supposed enemies, like
when he dedicated himself to showing
Javier Oliveira's private things, that's when
you laugh Ah You can really do it, but
if they laugh at you Oh,
how I did, but when you leak
private information that has nothing to do with it or
any relevance, then you
dedicate yourself to supporting it, making fun of it, and
promoting it. Okay, thanks nimu, good
hypocrisy that one says that I want to see myself in
Tusa, the lowest, the Nemo, the spirit of
the lowest scum, but oh well, anyway.
If there is no more, I mean,
I always think that everything is a bit of logic
and logic and logic. Javi You are not going to learn
the light, well, it's 2 in the morning, 2:30,
we're going to be in Chile. Javi lately
has had a lot.  Dallas cameos you
're taking it away from Aaron we're fighting
But I think that Aaron and I what we
should do is make peace I think that
Aaron and I what we should do is make
peace peace shake hands and accept that we
can share things
Dallas is not mentally well and they
know it clearly Jiren I think the one that's
burning you
would say I feel like going up for five minutes
No no because that wouldn't be something I'm going to
grab the water bottle I
forgot
[Music] I'll
tell you one thing eh I'll tell you one thing No no I haven't
gone to town I'm not saying let's see I'm going to
update the counter
we said there were how many members
How many members did we say there were
exactly please can you tell me the
exact number
Can someone put me in the chat the
to update the bar
the number is very high
3060 was the exact number
And now what do we do we set the bar at
4000 4000 we've gone completely crazy no
4000 I'm going to put it in  4000 but come on
that's going to go down
that's going to go down at the moment look
there you have it 3060 okay that's it that at 4000
is already a huge smoke not that I was
going to tell you I was going to tell you Hey guys do
n't relax
yes the light is very dim But
because I have also paid the
battery is dying but I don't
feel like spotlights the truth is it's called
I don't know if my remote battery is dying
or my wife has made a
fool of me and taken the batteries to
put it in another remote instead of going down
Chinese and buy some
new batteries
Javi Play Jiren's cameo song
please
respect Jiren leave him there he knows how to
leave him because when he's firing Jiren is like a
Coke you have to take him out for a run from time to time
and he has to let off steam he can't
stay inside okay
no what I was telling you what I
wanted to tell you
what I wanted to tell you
that we've reached 3000 members doesn't
want  say that we gave up no Or we no longer
gave up I ask I ask I ask I ask
that we have reached
30,000 to 30,000 to 30,000 to 30,000
that we have reached 3000 can you imagine
30,000 Hey there are those out there there are and there are that we have reached
3,000 that we have
reached 3000
leave Dalas and Gansetilinos
sweating face we have to do centilino that we have
reached 3000 it tells us to
relax by the bar in 3100
man 3100 there are 40 left nothing more But
what I would ask of all more than
super chat more than super chat to the sack
members to the sack members already as a Challenge Already
as a challenge of the Channel already as a challenge of the
Channel give away members already sack member
today a clip went viral in which Ari
Gameplays making a a
kit of this no that is called no Quiz
How would you pronounce a Quiz kit
how  it would be called how would it be pronounced
quitch Kiss a kiss No
notice that Juan was also seen in this
commitment recently but he escaped I don't
know what's wrong with the camera that I have to
move it every day Well without knowing what's
wrong with him what
happens is that when passing the cloth or
whatever well during the day
a Cook a Cook not a kit a kit a Quiz
Quiz Kiss a questionnaire not a game let's
see Juan guarnizo was more elegant than
her answering eh
she has cut us off a lot when it comes to
answering pay attention to the
special question streamers
who would you marry
who would you kiss and who would you
block they
give him a choice
if the click the client gives him a
choice between Beijing
his sister his girlfriend with whom he went on
vacation
rivers
River I think he has set him I think he
has a bed for him a better bed
Juan's face inside the house now River is from the
family Vale and cristinini
and cristinini what will he tell me or rather with
cristinini as far as I know I don't know the
same Hey maybe I'm wrong
and when they have seen each other  in person
when in fact River is Utilina when they have
seen each other in people maybe
suddenly Hey they have an incredible friendship
Maybe they have an incredible friendship
But what I have seen that they have done have
been a couple of collaborations, that is,
with Cristinini if I am not mistaken, to
present the evening with him also made
that they have in an interview okay
and the times that they have coincided in
series and so on, you
know Let's see the answer, let's see
who blocks
[Music]
Beijing I give
Cris a hug and I leave the party with
River I
block but what he said to Cris
and I leave the party with Riversito to Chris
and he left blocked Beijing I
block Beijing, I give
Cris a hug and he left the party with
Rivers and I leave the party but but let's see
no the question is not would you give him a kiss or get married he
leaves the party with Ribis
but from Paris What does it mean on a party and
not a party no
[Music] he
blocked Beijing I give Cris a hug
and I leave the party with River
[Music] let's
see, I do
n't know if I should give you an exclusive
no  I don't know if I'll give you an exclusive, I don't
know if they gave a machine gun of
exclusives,
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul doesn't have time if I'm
cold. If you want it,
no, let's see, the only thing I'm going to say is that it's
friendship,
no, it's not being fixed,
those friendships are not being
fixed like Juana, I wanted to
imply, okay, I
could be implying this
as an
elegant move to calm down
the gel and the situation a little, the speculation, no, that wouldn't
be bad
or simply because it's not in her interest
for people to think that they're fighting,
okay. But the only thing I would say is
the only thing I would say would be that there is no, there is no
friendship that has been fixed,
okay, at the moment there is no friendship, not
one, not one intention to fix it,
okay,
the news of the day, bye, or quite
strong,
quite strong, the truth is, the subject is a
little disappointing, very
disappointing,
very disappointing. It
turns out that by virus,
Victor, who is called
after they do a test on him to see
if he is doping in fights, it
has not come out positive,
okay, apparently he would have been
injecting himself with these substances, I don't know the
truth, winstrol, no, winstrol is called, no,
troll  deca I don't know how much I don't know
from what I've been seeing
in videos they are called things like that Not
that recently someone was also asked to
shoot himself in a in a video I don't
remember what the name of the pral pra of
Joan pradel or something like that no
[Music]
my goodness I mean what for what for is it
illegal Of course in a fight
virus supposedly tested positive and
admitted to having used illegal substances
against his fight condeca Money don't
[ __ ] with me after a
full investigation by the pba they found
ten times the amount of testosterone
in his body don't [ __ ] with me it's expected
that his victory in misfits will be annulled
clear
no
But what I have here the doubt that I have
is they don't know what they're going to do to him a he doesn't
know what some chefs are going to do to him he does
n't know
two part for a tournament of youtubers you Well yeah well
yes it's going to be that's the
news of the day
[ __ ] man I feel really bad right now
because obviously it seems like [ __ ]
[ __ ] to me and I am totally against it and do you
remember that one day I told you here man
if I ever fought I would ask for control
antidoping we don't know what's
behind many things I'm telling you But
man I feel very very
[Music]
[ __ ] up man Because obviously it is a
lack of respect and it's something illegal and it's
[ __ ] [ __ ] in the world of sport
doping has betrayed Sandor too
because now it has left him in a bad way too
Sandor is falling one that you
[ __ ]
and also I have a friendship with virus and it
is and he is a friend and I respect him a lot
So right now I am I am a little
in shock
[ __ ] man I
think that's what they
explained to me I'm going to tell you a sister-in-law
probably but they explained to me how that
can if you abuse it it can
shorten your life because you are
changing the metabolism of your
body you are making your body
work like much faster when it comes to
if the metabolism doesn't And then that
can cause Well
quite important health problems besides
no, those are not drugs Lara to get high
those are well let's
see They are they are I understand that they are
like medications okay I understand that they
are like medications that will be
used in certain doses for
certain health problems by  example
that your body does not assimilate the foods
that you need because they are bad or in other words they
are medications that have their
reason
x because they are very weak because they do not
assume they absorb the foods that you
have to absorb that your metabolism
does not work well okay
x okay What happens is that what they
do But they do this I have
seen everything my whole life but even people
from the neighborhood to show off and to get
skinny that is called skinny that was
called no To be like that no and you go around
the neighborhood with the tank top no I
mean not only because
people compete do it just to compete but
there are people from the gyms that
do it I understand
are hormones and that in the long run causes cancer
It is that in addition what they do is
like they take a substance or rather they
take a dose that is higher than what
this is like I tell you
the Diazepam that I am taking
now for the muscular issue
all I have is worth it is a medication
that is used to relax the muscles
and you take the amount that the doctor gives you
so that the muscle relaxes
because in the end it is hurting because it
is like  contracted not like when you
die no and they need help so that the
muscle does and relaxes okay But if
you and Mario will understand this, it would tiberian for a
while if you there are people who one day know he
uses it like drugs and starts to take
crazy amounts he
understands me mixed with I don't know what
then of course it's how it is a move it's
a move using substances
Oh what a huge mistake Victor man what a
[ __ ] mistake [ __ ] my
head is coming to me
not only this fight that is
cancelled
and the one with Momo
big [ __ ]
what a huge mistake man sometimes
we want glory and we end up doing
things that
can bring us precisely the
opposite
a Spaniard doing doping How strange because it is
common only in Spaniards or come on
I've heard it all my life in many in
many places
eh Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay
hard guys hard hard hard hard I'm
sorry It seems very bad to me and it
pisses me off man it pisses me off because of virus because
[ __ ] he is a person that I know and I
respect a lot and I respect a lot but
very bad there man
very bad there very bad there very bad there well
anyway  I
came to play Call of Duty I just
got really bad vibes this [ __ ]
[ __ ] just got really bad
vibes plus with how much of a fan
I am of the sport and
all this
but oh well
each one with their decisions and their
consequences okay guys the cycle that
is called with their decisions and their and their
advice and their consequences I don't know to
what extent it is real but I imagine that it is
real because it was from it
is from a verified medium and
also it says that he has recognized it
already screwed let's
see he has put a Well of course then
people have been throwing it in his face
then people are throwing it in his face
for example his videos not of the
physical change not only the videos
of the physical change okay of course
also man I swallowed you know that
recently I was doing the physical change and
man I have been for two months but I have been for
two months doing a [ __ ] diet
that yes it is true that I did not have
any muscle underneath and it was very
complicated but you are seeing this in
three months you are seeing this
definition of the muscles
stuck to the skin
man I was doing two months of
diets that
really I mean I have  I've had a terrible time I've had a
really bad time with the diet
Roman a kiss
and have you seen the result that in
reality you say wow well it's a
result that you can see It
shows Okay
but it's not that you understand It's not that
Well I mean I've been through what I'm telling you I
can be like this
okay having this big belly okay this
boob was falling and so on Until now I'm a
little more stylized
okay but what am I missing let's go now in
August I'm not losing I'm not
losing I didn't put a photo
Spain has had many cases with
cycling
Yes yes of course they kick them out no but what am I
telling you I mean
this is killing myself training Okay and
following a diet that you [ __ ] and we're
talking about two months I mean for
me to put This body that has a virus
here which is more or less the objective that I
want to achieve from September I'll
start again with it with the
trainer okay but I'm telling you
this is a year let's go a year and maybe I won't achieve this
a year and maybe I won't achieve this I
mean this is a beast of this
for these kids
Well then when I was seeing
when I was  getting interested in this
physical change and all that [ __ ]
look at you I found this
not with the By virus video I saw it I said wow wow
how the guy controls
and now it turns out that on his
website he had this
Join me for 30 days in my
preparation And learn the keys to
boost your physique and mentality okay And
the guy started selling
[Music]
selling a 90-day physical change
The guy started selling a 90-
day physical change look here is the page
that they just deleted today from the
Machine website but come on I don't give a damn about the
Machine website Why don't I give a damn and go
Machine because I saw this page
I've been looking at this page because I was
about to hire it
to see what it said and what they were offering I
was about to hire it because it
was Look at a real price of 97 euros
a month for a limited time 11 months 11
euros and they've been going for two years with 11
euros the offer I want to get in shape
now
Okay now we'll see what
sandor said  but come on this is tremendous that
you use that you use that that you
use that on
top of that to sell products
cloth
sailor cloth come on let's see what
momo said because of course Momo has to
or rather momo has to be freaking out
my opinion on the virus doping
an hour ago uploaded it let's go she just uploaded it
nothing ago okay or rather momo has to be
freaking out because it's that it was
adopted then by virus also in
his fight they have
stolen from Momo they have
stolen from Momo also the fight
now that
And if the belt belonged to Momo
now that Momo defended it he defends it
yes There are
a lot of questions we are going to
ask them progressively everything that we have to
talk about in this
streaming but it's not like we have to
talk about the subject but yes
the subject directly affects me
So let's talk about
that as you saw and that it exploded in all
the networks it was revealed that the virus tested
positive for doping in the fight that he had had
against the Englishman this What is
doping doping is when
a substance
prohibited by the organization in this
case of the sport that is football boxing
tennis jumps into urine or blood what  [ __ ] is doping is done it's to
see if Well in reality what comes
out is an amount of clear the
substance for it to come out it's complicated I
think that what comes out is that well what what he
sings what he sings I think it's
an amount of testosterone
completely proportional to
normal okay like triple I can
talk to you calmly inside your
body Do you have some type of substance
that is prohibited to find a
substance This was in the morning I or I mean
I the morning Argentina question that they
show it to me I sincerely until it's
confirmed this it seems that I didn't see it
was from a serious place later I saw that
he apologized later I saw that Sandro
also came out to speak don't talk if you don't
know spa Well I'm not going to block
you bathed [ __ ] of a boat idiot of course I
mean it's not incredible I mean it's
like I told Messi if I'm not a world champion stupid when I spoke and they heard two things that I couldn't talk about the evening I closed my ass for a long time about those things you don't have to be enlightened to realize that in my fight
Victor's physical change was surprising let's
see  you see I'm not going to tell you the
truth the physical change was too
surprising but since I'm ignorant
on this subject
I know that for example there are
Hollywood movie actors and other professionals
who make incredible physical changes
in no time at all and
suddenly they get buff suddenly they
get obese suddenly they have to
play the role of someone super
thin so of course let's see no no
you don't just stand there and don't stand there and
point directly at someone
for having taken drugs okay the physical change is
too much it's been three months
man It's just that it
's too much man I mean it's too much
too much man and you
're telling this to someone who just went on
a [ __ ] diet And the thing is
what I'm telling you I mean I've
managed to improve a little bit No you
see me and you see me as more
like I'm telling you
stylized no maybe a little bit your
face you lose this you lose you know but
but of course man and I've been eating
absolutely everything
Fat free everything you know
Javi but do you think that those changes that
actors make are natural
Well there we would have another melon Of course
I don't know Of course it's
speaking as a person completely
ignorant on this subject I
want to start by saying something that
seems fundamental to me is that the court is
against Victor because the kid did what he
did I already feel [ __ ] myself
Surely he feels like hell [ __ ] what am I
going to tell you more look at
Greg's physical change grefg's physical change
was in six months he
wasn't that great either let's see now like that
leave this no and all that stuff but he has
a more natural more normal physique change you do
n't see him like that with dude you can
see this no no this guy you can
see his muscles marked here dude
you see this here I don't remember
his name that's all here you see these
little lines here
these are muscles that almost nobody
trains you that do
n't make any [ __ ] sense
that doesn't make any [ __ ] sense
rival you all feel [ __ ] but it's not the
time to go and kill him on foot they are called
ribs no no give
no he said no
No son he is not in line that you can
see here I'm not referring to the
ribs
not
dorsal they are
but it has a name they are some little muscles you
know they go they go in the dorsal
but I think  they are another another another little
figure other muscles that there is is that I
was talking about it precisely
recently with the trainer because we were
looking at photos of body type you know
Serratus those muscles are called serratus
between the ribs serratus totally freaked out freaked out it's
too much it's too ecologically
these things affect a person a lot
and having all the people throwing
hate at each other Because he did another guy that's it I mean that's it he
apologized because
this is all the names they
want to give him great to kill him
either how are we I'm not going to claim
anything I don't have anything else We have to
totally absolve him of responsibility
there because who can believe that ibai
could come to know what was
happening people who are
inside boxing and know about boxing know
what they can know this I sincerely
wanted to win up there I didn't want
this to happen and for them to say I have nothing to
claim I wanted to beat him in the ring
I felt like he [ __ ] himself for something else I didn't care
if he took something I didn't
take something really friends it's the
reality I didn't care because I
already knew because a person that the
week before the fight I
meet her in  the Camp Nou weighing 88
kilos all cracked locked I tell him but
Victor How are you going to get there they showed it to me
Today today they showed it to me in a clip
saying about a video of him where he says 80
totally locked physically that's
why Javi I am a nutrition student
a physical change like that in a natural and
healthy way takes months it is recommended to
lose half a kilo of weight or fat a
week and at most before a fight
up to five kilos but with certain
precise techniques end of the difference
look at the difference from what you're telling me
to that in three months that
I think today today that I don't
want it either no no no I don't care I never
cared when Paris finally it's over there was
that there were a bunch of powders that
talked and talked and talked they didn't know
what we were fighting against I didn't know
but they talked Because the idiots are like that
well they turned it around the cowards are like that
the idiots and the cowards are the ones who
talk now calm down eh No no decide to
fight no no
I have an opinion but it's [ __ ] Well what
happens that on one hand I have no I
have nothing against  Victor I tell you
now again even though it happened or
anything I have nothing to claim I
am the winner at all if I would have
liked him to let me finish the fight yes I
would have liked things to be
more even nothing more that's it no I don't
feel that I won or anything like that
a lot of people wrote to me people who know about
boxing told me I told you this I'm not going to
give names because if not man I see
the fight I do
n't blame there
I don't blame there it goes
[Music] let's
see maybe a doping test in an
evening with so much repercussion
wouldn't have been bad not like
medical tests are done and so on well in
the same medical tests they can't they can't I
ask eh from
ignorance in the same
medical tests you can't introduce
[Music]
a test that would get it out I ask eh
totally from ignorance
but for me the fight
between momo and virus would be canceled for me today it is
completely canceled I am
personally sorry and I have no
favoritism for one or the other
come on you know you
know But for me, for me  the fight
is canceled
for me that fight is not worth it, return
the belt,
return the belt for me
In fact I'm going to put a tweet and I'm going
to claim it So he was going and he doesn't do
doping tests on anyone
John let's see I wouldn't watch it anymore
new new campaign new move that he
returns the belt he goes and virus
returns the belt
new new wasp's nest move for me
the virus vs. momo fight should
be canceled from today also that he
returns the belt completely it
would depend on when he doped Of course of course of
course we could say no
come on go I'm not going to move I'm not going to move I'm not going to move
But of course it
could be understood Ah but it is not known Ah
but it is not known if at that time well in the
end momo was right that it
was a robbery
I told you this this was happening this was
like that they had already told me
how the preparation was that's why I understand that
nobody
can know because apart from our
population he never does you during the
preparation they do not understand but I know it
knows he even told it wonderfully here
I am with me that in boxing it is  He knows
who they are, the ones who were sending things,
everyone knows, those who are in business
know that those who send things, what's
going on is that since it's the evening, which
is not something that is within the
World Boxing Organization, there is no
doping and look, I'm not saying this
badly at all. The only thing I want to say
with this is that ibai has
absolutely nothing to do with it, I didn't know anything, I
'm sure I put my hands up, I said that
there were two things that I couldn't say,
that I couldn't talk, I was never going to
complain about this, I got on, I lost, I ended up
with a little help, without a little help, it doesn't matter, he
trained him, he knew about the doping, he came
out and said that he didn't know, I do
n't know how that works, to what extent
your coach can realize it or not. Let's
see, the physical change is very
shameless, eh. It's
not necessarily that the
physical change is very shameless, it
's not impossible that he doesn't know, that
the change, Chela. But because that's
how I think and how I am, how I am, that they
want us to fight,
an egg and I lost and I shook his hand, who
was the one who won, I lost and  there I
learned a lot it helps me a lot I don't
have absolutely
today What happened this that I'm
telling you guys He really screwed up he
got over it whatever
Okay ready but you have to think a
little about the psychology of a
person think a little about the head
of the other person because what's
coming to Victor now is that they're going to want to
kill him imagine me
feeling like one of the first to be scammed I
'm crazy because what I know I had to
get doping because of this issue have mom
here is my Vespa no yes yes look with
the little white helmet this one has my
Lego Vespa here in the back you see it but friends
a person physically how my
fight comes if you see the photo of the fight
with me and make a comparison in
English physically with me he was much
bigger he was even much further Let's
see let's see it
is that
This is the fight no let's
see it
today is between a very special day
for him he came out with duki Rebeca came out
singing with duki to the ring that I'm
sure is a day that I cannot
forget the public also wants to
remember the virus despite the fact that perhaps
moment revenan He has won the first
round let's see how he manages to
face these minutes momo with it had
nothing to do with as soon as There is no
image that they are both together Let's
see Look
173 182 There we are talking Already 10
centimeters taller
the weight weigh the same
the weight weighs a little more nothing is a kilo
we are talking about a kilo two kilos We
are talking A couple of kilos with a
difference of 10 centimeters
very unbalanced it is not that the truth Let's
see visually There
is no image where you can see it
is that there is no image
of the two one next to the other you
the virus a bull
the viru a bull
and Momo Let's
see let's see it like this the two
were upside down because I don't know if he
has the energy he is going to stop it he is going to
stop it he is going to stop it he stops it he stops it his
face is broken
a minute of fight momo who is
hot but not for Salvador there were
still 50 seconds of boxing left to see
why he stopped it well let's see the
question is that when an
amateur fight this is an amateur fight let's
not forget someone is  bleeding a
lot someone has a wound that is
too intense we have to stop the
fight we understand that people wanted
war until the end but well for me
Salvador stopping the fight takes it
well What a beautiful image you are
great what a spectacle you have given How
great virus and momo are But reven it
is also true that there was not much
more left the third jump we would have seen in
the last lashes but I think the
fight was already quite a bit left just have to
see that there is a
difference there is a difference the truth is
the English now look my mom sent me
a message today about all this issue do
you think my mom said No son
of a [ __ ] that this that the other one grabbed she
told me how bad that this
boy made a mistake I hope he recovers from everything
that is coming to him because people are
bad and they are going to want to attack him let's hope
that this boy does not affect him so much what they are
going to do to him that is what my
mom said that a mother what does she
always want when she said this that the other one sits
down and my old lady the first thing she told me
was let's hope that this boy does not
harm him everything that they are doing that is why
I  I tell him that we need to calm things down a bit
and that detail is also
true look at the end of the fight
Momo is like super tired right now he's
still bleeding and Virus is like someone who
just climbed a couple of flights of
stairs walking and they just cleaned his
wound That's why I think the referee of the
fight because they just cleaned it was going to
start the fight he hadn't
received any more blows yet
that's it that's a trap
that's a trap
Hey maybe by giving it up legally he would have
won too but well we'll
never know
because he's an idiot human being and
not everything is worth it And not everything is worth it anymore he
told him nine months ago it's that friends it was
obvious to those who and those who are in
boxing the birds know it is known and the
other issue no no the other issue I'm going to
explain one thing to him the other issue I didn't
talk about it and I don't know if I'm going to talk about it for two
reasons one because Martn's evening was coming up
and second because with everything
that's going on and the rumors were spreading
that I was going to fight at evening
4 I don't want I don't want a mess if there's
any possibility that  I fought
next year, which is more what
people are pressuring me than what
I'm doing to fight in the
4th event. That's it, that's it. In fact, you're going to
see an interview that comes out on Sunday
that they did to me. Nico's foot, who
does interviews, asks me, is it true
that if the 4th event comes, we're going to see his
viruses and I tell him the pressure from the people
is there and I believe that despite all the
advantages that I gave him, he would be willing to do it despite
everything, I mean, I would tell him to
lose weight again. I mean, to
lose weight because at 82 to agree to it, I'm
still losing in all aspects
beyond everything that I do and I don't, so
Tano says to lose weight. Yes,
you can. No, no, he got mad at me for Victor, he
got mad at me for the idiots we
talked to and they didn't know and I had no idea
of the things that were happening. So all
those jerks, all those jerks today, they have to
shut their [ __ ] or say, he was right,
only against advantages, there were other
things that were happening. Now, now I
'm in the process of losing weight.
losing a lot of weight
takes many years no no no no I no no no
no I'm already totally ruling it out
you guys understand that Victor is going to be
sanctioned at the federation level,
that is to say he fought professionally, I don't know
how many years a sanction can be
but it's going to leave you three years surely
the momo will also prick that Victor
no no I have seen him here a body
with effects of para it seems that no no no
minimum minimum three years outside of
any ring let's see one says eight years
two years there are aggravating factors there are mitigating factors we
also have to see what
circumstance occurs there so fine
I can't watch I don't know what substances and
which ones are more serious virus he had 10
times the level of testosterone that
a human being has in the body that to you
ten times I
was telling you for three I was
telling you for three kid
for 10 Put the message but why do you
want the weigh-in
why do you want the message
what part in particular of thinking
what do you want to see of the weigh-in
Salvador be quite attentive
of important glances
Okay momo is ready then  let's
go straight to the point, the virus is not
ready, momo, too,
momo, if you want to go first, let's
see what the Argentine National Team's bathrobe is.
Salvador
80 850,
I don't think the virus is a punctured body,
I think it's a person who is
training and has been preparing.
I don't think it's a punctured body, the
other one has it drawn up to this point
here in three months, man. Tell me
the name, in fact,
tell me the name of this part of the
abdomen, you know what I'm telling you, this, this point
here is drawn, it's
drawn.
Well, another one who has fulfilled his promise,
that he's coming with an Army, this one was
agreed upon in less than 82, the virus was already here, it
has a touch of fat here,
there on the belly, a little bit, you know, not
oblique, you know that this, this is this
body in three months. It's just that,
look at it, I would love to
have this body, eh,
eye, I would love to have this body,
but not in such a
strong way. Look, I would love
something like that, it would be my goal to achieve,
but of course
[Music]
is cheating.
Salvador 78  950 is inflated by
doping But look at this you
put a picture on my Twitter I put a
picture on my Twitter
that was like man man man what
Messi you tell me that you have made
this change It's that you tell me that you have
done this in a couple of years in one
come on in one but in three months man I
mean in three months in three months this you that no that no that no that no that no that no that no that no we are not
going that no that no that neither of nor of nor of
Fly nor of fly
official statement from sandor
official statement from sandor In relation to the
doping of By virus in relation to the
sporting situation of virus We
would like to clarify that we were not
aware of any
external decisions that he may have made during his
preparation, my
club and I have always stood out for competing in a
clean, honest and exemplary manner. As has
been the case throughout my sporting career and it will be we
see the action as perfect, the sanction
imposed by pba trying to ensure
clean boxing and we deeply feel
the inconvenience caused due to this
situation in which we have nothing to do.
Up to here comes our
sporting relationship virus will give the
pertinent explanations when  I think it's appropriate
around here, it's pulse, a lot of encouragement, Sandor.
I can imagine how angry and disappointed you must
be right now. A lot of
strength, a lot of encouragement, Sandor. Anyone who
doubts you is mentally ill. Come on,
we're really with it. I mean, we're already
with these kinds of
comments. Let's see, this guy, not Ander, Ander, who I
think is one of the
Well, one of the Commoners of Ibai, we're not going to
call him like that, I'm not going to call him a
pet, what pet do they call me?
Not anyone who doubts you
is mentally ill. Come on, let's see,
Ander. If this guy is the coach of
By virus, by virus, he's the one who left him
bad. He doesn't have to insult people
and even less with this kind of insult. Not
mentally ill
because they doubt, I have no reason to
trust Sandor. I don't know him
at all. You're welcome. Look, I'm
asking here in the chat if it's
possible that your coach doesn't
realize this,
okay, let's see, I don't know, I'm asking.
Not for nothing, I'm asking if
a personal trainer,
if a coach who is the one who is
preparing. Hey, let's see, normal.  This
physical change in three months that if you
're telling me that he's a trainer, he sees it as
normal, well, then maybe you
tell me No, no, Javi, it's completely normal
that if you try really hard in three months you
can change like that, well, I'll keep quiet. Okay, well, I'll keep quiet.
Where's the photo,
okay, listen, if in three months you get like that, I'll keep quiet, I'll keep quiet,
man,
but doubting isn't something you're
mentally indigent or you're in communication.
Doubting isn't something you're mentally indigent
about, you can doubt and they can clarify whatever you want, okay, I trust you, fly high, that side of you, pop, don't you dare without a helmet, pop, don't you dare without injections, what do you want me to tell you? I think that I don't, I think that should have certain consequences, even legal consequences. In my gym, the trainer warned us
about who was taking things because the trainer
noticed changes in
strength increases in times that were
too short and suspicious, well, that
's what I'm asking if
suddenly people who understand the subject
If suddenly people who understand the
subject
can realize this  No, I can't
tell you, [ __ ]. Well, now that you
mention it, seeing the change is brutal. But hey, maybe he did
n't realize it's okay, Virus
weighs 78.9 kilograms but he's really
ripped. That means he has very little
fat and too much muscle. We'll have to
see if Virus isn't cycled well, he has
muscle hypertrophy that he doesn't say,
so if you've cycled, you have a
huge advantage over your opponent. I
'm not making any claims or anything. I'm just saying
a urine test just in case. Of
course, of course,
as I was saying a moment ago,
I think that this should have
legal consequences.
legal consequences. Right now, I
can't say anything more than, Sorry, nobody had anything to do
with my choice, nobody knew
anything, in fact, neither family nor friends nor
my team, nobody but me has chosen
this path, I decided to do something under my own
responsibility and ignorance that I do not
recommend or advise. I apologize
again to all the people who have
counted on me and given me an
opportunity, to the organization and to the
people who watch me. I'm sorry for not having been
responsible for this. I feel  empty let's
see the amount of people I've
failed Victor you can't do this
alone okay first of all you
have to this this let's see the buitroll and
the deca are not sold I mean you have to
get certain contacts to
get this substance I
mean it's not like you go to the
pharmacy and buy this no Look the thing is I
have a horse no
this to get it you need certain
contacts
and then let's see there are people there are people
who maybe know how to put it on
but
to inject yourself at least you need a
ts
not so much legal they are just sanctions Well
I consider that this should have
legal consequences but by
simple logic
by simple logic you are agreeing to
a legal debate doing things that are
illegal
it's as if you were using a stick
Imagine that I take Imagine that
I take and
Imagine that I take and I get into the ring
to fight a fight a fight in which we
both have agreed on a weight I don't know what I don't know
how much and suddenly I take out of the
big houses one of these little
Electricity guns that have no What's the name of this little
Electricity gun  that
the police have a stick I take me out of
there from the ring from under the ring a stick and
I get into it Stick with the other man no you
are having an advantage there that is not
natural
now that it became public he regrets it
exactly it is repeating itself it is
repeating itself Because it became public if he does
n't regret it
exactly Lady or I mean me for me
for me this has to have a
legal consequence because you are
fighting with another person you have broken
a person's face I
mean to momo to momo he put on a
pretty face and the guy wasn't even
hyperventilating he was so calm Pin
Pin expensive if you are doped
but it is not only that you are doped it is that you
surely have squeezed him
the last days of the evening
that no man that has to have
legal consequences
but it is not a crime
but it should is what I am telling you
Genesis that It should It should be if you
agree to one
if you agree to a fight legal legal There are
chubby people that you don't even think about that they
consume anabolics some with
little give tremendous changes it depends on
genetics
but it is  that it's not only what is visible it's
strength it's performance it's
performance it's not only what is
visible
you can't grab and you're fighting
with a person and now the other person is
exhausted fighting Well first of all the
other person working for months
working hard training
that it's not the physical it's not how it looks it's the
performance in the fight
how tired you are how pretty you look that's
secondary
in the fight damn look at how
momo is and look at how the other one is who is
like the one who just went up a step let's say
a couple of steps to the first
floor and that's it and momo looks like he just came
down a twin tower What a
name no no no that can't be
That should have legal consequences
Look, I'm not telling you to go to
jail but
something something related to the issue of
assaults in my opinion should be there should be
because you're using
an advantage there
that is not allowed you
know But well this This is
my opinion eh that I would see logic in that
having legal consequences
no no no no not very bad very
bad
very bad  But what am I telling you eh
[Music]
what am I telling you that besides
this, for my taste, for my taste, this,
for my taste, he must have done it more than once, he must have done it
more than once, he did it at
Ibai's party, it surely went well, it
went well and since it went well, he's
done it in the others
and he regrets having been caught, he
regrets having been caught
and I think that with Sandro Well, he must have
said, Hey, unlink me from this, but they must
have agreed to, they
must have agreed to say that at least
to unlink Sandor.
Well, let's see, I have a clip here, I
have a clip here that says the following, I do
n't know if the gossip will be good, I do
n't know if the gossip will be good or I must have
eaten a byte. Okay, Carola says, she
forgot to mute herself and we were lucky,
that also leaves you with a little nepe. I
think it's risky not to sign you, I
think what Javi does to you is you suspect
others,
right? Let it come to my mind, no, no, let's
see.
Obviously I don't know them, I wouldn't put my
hand in the fire for anyone. I only
know a few from talking and such, let's see.
I think that of those who have
participated in the evening, the one I
know the most, the one I've been able to talk to the most.
I think it's pulcito, not with ampteres,
more crossed, sometimes a video
with magicci, greetings, I think it was in the in the I
think that of all those who have
participated in the evening, the one I've been
able to talk to the most on
some occasion that I have his WhatsApp and
we have spoken on some occasion that
we are not friends or anything like that, it's
with expulsito, no
other comes to mind right now
and that's why I say
that I won't put my hand in the
fire because I don't know any of them but it doesn't seem to me that
any of them are like that, daddy
Gaby. Of course, he didn't participate either, but
but I don't have contact with any of them or
confidence with any of them enough for
you to know if they have been able to do something or whatever,
but the truth is that there is none that has
had a physique that draws my
attention, for example, this one
is not very strong, also, he doesn't grab you and
open your  head like a nut
but of course she's always been strong she's
always been strong it's not like she's
gone from one physique to another in two or three months you
know so no no and
then the changes in others are more or
less natural with work you know no no I
suspect others the truth is Carola
forgot to mute herself and we were
lucky enough to hear a curious
conversation I have it
open
doping gives you advantages you have more
strength stamina and you recover faster
in the process of creating muscle and bai is
responsible he should have done doping he should
do it because if medical tests have been done
well it's true with Ari it's true with
Ari she also talked to me a lot
during the evening it's true with nose
the time that I was fighting in the
evening like that I still had
quite a good vibe it's
not that I fought with her
or anything like that she's just
had some attitudes that the truth is I didn't like I didn't
like But well it's not
like I'm going to be her enemies or
anything like that we have stopped
following each other
and
cheap it's not like I'm like her enemy
or anything like that I don't like some
things that  is doing lately but
neither it's not like I hate her or
anything like that
yes I have it open I meant my
vagina my [ __ ] okay I
had it open the vagina I don't have a
vagina as far as I know I do
n't understand how you can think
wrong it makes no sense that I say I have it
open and you think of a vagina I am I have a
penis [ __ ] I have both what's
going on [ __ ] he's unmuted I [ __ ]
on my God I
wanted him to be referring to I have it
open I meant my vagina
yes I have it open I meant my
vagina [ __ ] okay
that sounds bad there I had it open the
vagina I don't have a vagina as far as I know I don't
understand how you can think wrong it makes no
sense that I say I have it open
and you think of a machine I am I have a penis
[ __ ] I have both what's going on [ __ ] he
's unmuted I [ __ ] on my God
of the white one
I say things a thousand times well
with the things that I say I
have a vagina and I get in I
always knew what network I had both they say
for him for the comments What
weird things they send me
or [ __ ] it's that we're in August it's that we
're in August and that's how it is  how it is it's
that we're in August
things are how they are and you send me a little thing a few
things a little XD you send me a little
things a little XD
and we're going to leave the live here
because I'm going to try to record the news
if I'm going to try to record the news it's
late it's late I'll take a day off know I don't
know if I'll be able to record both
newscasts but I'm going to try to at
least record one I'm going to try to
record one guys Thank you so much
for the company so many times
Thank you so much for this time that
we've had I would love to ask you
all for a favor I
know I'm always asking but I
would love to ask you all for a favor I'll
try and if it works I'll
try and if it works it works and if it doesn't it's
okay okay you
can all follow me you
can all follow me
on Twitter please I took you to Chernobyl
inside it obviously
the mother who gave birth to you how [ __ ] disgusting you are you
can all follow me on
Twitter please we are in  93,000 we
can we get there Please reach
100,000 subscribers now to finish off
this wonderful summer that's
happening We've reached 3,060 We've
reached 3,060 only
one more person has become a member in this live
but We've reached 3,060 only
one more person has become a member in this
live okay maybe
maybe we give
Twitter a push and reach 100,000
I ask
everyone we're still on Twitter I already follow you
Well then I'm sure there are people who don't
follow me I already follow you Well but let's
see I'm sure there are people who don't follow me they
just ask for things that I've already done but let's see
if on this channel there are seven
I ask is I say if on this channel there are
270 and some thousand subscribers are
n't they following me on Twitter everyone
man Angie Thank you very much for giving away
five members today people have been let's go let's
come to celebrate I say I'm
going to connect even if it's 2
in the morning with my boys to
celebrate the 3,060 members
and there hasn't been anything let's go there hasn't been  not
a single [ __ ] member Thank goodness
Angie is here To share
I already follow you Javi sorry I don't follow you
so follow me
Hey now I have no [ __ ] idea how to
do it
now I deleted the video of the physical change
good information now I'll tell it on the
news now I have no [ __ ] idea how to
unblock
everyone on Twitter
I want to go ahead and unblock everyone on
Twitter but I don't know what to
do
Ramn Today is the day
I was following you When you had 20k
followers By the way did you see that Nimu
locked Twitter And put a
skull in the bio
pathetic mood
pathetic and repulsive mood what I
said guys I'm leaving Thank you so much
Tania what I said okay I'm leaving and I'll
see you
tomorrow see you tomorrow see you Angie
has given away five and five more
Angels
or Angie or Angels has given away five and
five more you know that
the
15 members
of this live have been Thanks to you
Angel
see you a huge kiss family
[Music]